Fix broken gitbook link in the front page (#72)
qmk/qmk.fm: _i18n/en/index.md

## Documentation

> [Documentation](https://docs.qmk.fm) is hosted on [Gitbook](https://docs.qmk.fm) and [Github](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/tree/master/docs) (they are synced). You can request changes by making a fork and [pull request](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pulls) or by clicking the "suggest an edit" on any page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[The official documentation](https://docs.qmk.fm) is powered by [Docsify](https://docsify.js.org/) and hosted on [GitHub](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/tree/master/docs). You can request changes by making a fork and [pull request](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pulls) or by clicking the "Edit Document" link at the bottom of any page.
```

We don't use Gitbook anymore - this suggestion brings the text more in line with what's currently in the qmk_firmware readme.
